
JON: It was a failure.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
TYRION: You can!
TYRION: Stay close!
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
JAIME: I accept.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
JAIME: 
JAIME: You’re a good man.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
JAIME: There was one condition.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
JAIME: She will.
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
JAIME: 
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
JON: Get your shield up.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
JON: No.
JON: Roose Bolton.
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: They’re good men.
JON: It’s where she belonged.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
JON: I respect him.
JON: Your grace…
JON: How much time do I have?
JON: Here we are.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. 
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
CERSEI: He’ll never know we’ve been gone.
CERSEI: You don’t need to be afraid of my father.
CERSEI: Yes.
CERSEI: Of course we should.
CERSEI: No.
CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cat’s teeth and three eyes. You’re not terrifying. You’re boring.
CERSEI: I know you’re a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: I’ve been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
CERSEI: But I will be queen?
CERSEI: That doesn’t make sense.
CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.
CERSEI: They will wait.
CERSEI: 
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
CERSEI: They?
JAIME: 
CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy. I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years…
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?
CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
TYRION: Pentos?
TYRION: Much better.
TYRION: I don’t think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.
TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?
TYRION: 
JON: Get your shield up.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
JON: No.
JON: Roose Bolton.
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: They’re good men.
JON: It’s where she belonged.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
JON: I respect him.
JON: Your grace…
JON: How much time do I have?
CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite alright.
CERSEI: I’m sure he’ll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.
CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: What can I do for you?
CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere.
CERSEI: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help…
TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
TYRION: Not for a coward.
TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.
TYRION: You could have said no.
TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: You’re going to have to find another soldier. I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for work.
TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: What is it you want exactly?
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Good luck finding him.
TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
JON: Here we are.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. 
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
JON: It was a failure.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
JAIME: I accept.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
JAIME: 
JAIME: You’re a good man.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
JAIME: There was one condition.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!
ARYA: 
ARYA: The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today.
ARYA: Tomorrow.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
JAIME: She will.
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
TYRION: 
TYRION: 
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
TYRION: You can!
TYRION: Stay close!
ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.
ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).
ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. 
ARYA: Where are they taking him?
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.
CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.
CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.
CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.
CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.
CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.
CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.
CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).
CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a lovely day.
CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.
JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.
JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.
JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
JON: I can imagine no higher praise.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.
JON: And the wildlings?
JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).
JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.
JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.
JON: As long as he's ruling them.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: And what needs to be done?
ARYA: What do you want?
ARYA: What?
ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.
ARYA: Ow! Cunt!
ARYA: I told you, I'm no - (Gets hit again). Do that again and -
ARYA: You're about to find out.
ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?
JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemon’s chair). Maester Aemon?
JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. 
JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.
JON: 
JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -
JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?
JON: Take Lord Janos outside.
JON: Olly, bring me my sword.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
CERSEI: You were assaulted?
CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?
CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
CERSEI: Why no shoes?
CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.
CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).
CERSEI: How's your work coming along?
CERSEI: You've made progress?
CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
TYRION: I'm losing my mind.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.
TYRION: Slaves.
TYRION: 
TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).
TYRION: 
TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.
TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.
TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).
TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.
TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.
TYRION: Hello?
TYRION: You've got no drink.
TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met a queen.
TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.
TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.
TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.
TYRION: I'm not.
TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start.
TYRION: No need to worry, I was just - (Turns to see it’s not Varys, but Jorah). Oh, I thought you were someone else. Shows almost over. I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige.
TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -
CERSEI: Myrcella…
CERSEI: Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?
JAIME: Mother
CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now
CERSEI:  I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt
CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse
JAIME: Shh, shh
CERSEI: I have to
JAIME: She’s not suffering
JAIME: I know
CERSEI: I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster
JAIME: Listen -- listen to me
CERSEI: No, I knew this would happen
JAIME: You don’t believe that
CERSEI: Of course I do
JAIME: Fuck prophecy
JAIME: We’re going to take everything there is
TYRION: We’re never going to fix what’s wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid
TYRION: We’ll be fine
TYRION: You’ve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
TYRION: 
TYRION: I know what mhysa means
TYRION: Hard to know
TYRION: Very possibly
TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them
TYRION: It’s a problem
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill
TYRION: And have you started looking for that someone?
TYRION: Well, we won’t be sailing to Westeros anytime soon
ARYA: Thank you
ARYA: I can’t see
CERSEI: Get out of my way
CERSEI: What are the king’s orders?
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son
JAIME: Almost
JAIME: Your mother wouldn’t do that
JAIME: Are you angry with her?
JAIME: Then why didn’t you let her come? She has every right to be here
JAIME: They’re not putting your mother in a cell ever again
JAIME: Why not?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes
JAIME: Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you
JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen
JAIME: You’re a bold man
JAIME: You must long for the next life
JAIME: You imprisoned and humiliated my sister
JAIME: What about my sins?
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back
JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind
JAIME: They should be closer if you mean for them to save you
JAIME: I’ve fought against worse odds
CERSEI: Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: I understand
CERSEI: It’s all right
CERSEI: Always
TYRION: If I lost my cock, I’d drink all the time
TYRION: Meaning no offense
TYRION: You think them
TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere
TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret
TYRION: What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid
TYRION: Daenerys is the dragon queen
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity
TYRION: That’s what I do
TYRION: The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles
TYRION: And did they ever harm you?
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent
TYRION: They will
TYRION: When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day
TYRION: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard
TYRION: But here you are
TYRION: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face
ARYA: No one
ARYA: No one
ARYA: A girl has no name
ARYA: A girl has no name
ARYA: A girl has no name
TYRION: I did
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach
TYRION: Long enough to know
TYRION: And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor
TYRION: Let’s make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want
TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay in Meereen forever
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please
TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing
TYRION: You don’t need slaves to make money
TYRION: Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice
TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices
TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same
TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it
TYRION: Give freedom a chance
TYRION: Excellent
TYRION: I did
TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled
TYRION: But I am not your ruler
TYRION: Because our queen chose me as her advisor
TYRION: Soon
TYRION: And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations
TYRION: We offered terms
TYRION: Those men respect you
TYRION: As do I
TYRION: I am not betraying her work
TYRION: For a short time
TYRION: You’re right
TYRION: I don’t trust the Masters
TYRION: They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
CERSEI: Is this a Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: As have we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: Look at me. What did they do to me? To the king’s own mother?
CERSEI: It’s all right. It's done. It’s in the past. And of course Margaery’s safety is paramount.
CERSEI: Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyone’s. The High Sparrow 
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with him?
CERSEI: It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king’s orders.
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
JAIME: Cersei is the mother of the king. She has the king’s ear and his trust. And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, he’ll have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
JAIME:  You’ll take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?
JAIME:  The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything. When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back at Tommen’s side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what they’ve done to your son.  Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
ARYA: Who was the first?
ARYA: Where did they go?
ARYA: A girl has no desires.
ARYA: Who?
ARYA: A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall…
ARYA: She’s a good actress.
ARYA: Seems like a decent woman.
ARYA: No. Who wants her dead?
ARYA: The younger actress. She’s jealous because Lady Crane is better.
ARYA: A girl has decided.
TYRION: It’s not enough.
TYRION: It’s not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”?
TYRION: That’s about the extent of my Valyrian.
TYRION: Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
TYRION: The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --
TYRION: Yes.
TYRION: She did indeed.
TYRION: Ideally we’d avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
TYRION: I’d settle for obeyed.
TYRION: That sounds most excellent --
TYRION: We’d be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.
TYRION: My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise.
TYRION: Perhaps we should take shelter.
TYRION: Meereen is strong. Commerce has returned to the markets. The people are behind you.
TYRION: Well, not all the people, of course. No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people. But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters…
TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
TYRION: Do we have a plan?
TYRION: You once told me you knew what your father was. Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
TYRION: Probably not. Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me. 
TYRION: You’re talking about destroying cities. It’s not entirely different. I’d like to suggest an alternate approach.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
TYRION: Thank you for the armada. Our queen does love ships. Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact. You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.
TYRION: It always seems a bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
TYRION: Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen.
TYRION: It was. And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather. Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well.
TYRION: Doesn’t seem like it. He’s still alive. It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell. Never quite knowing who you were. But then, we all live complicated lives, don’t we?
TYRION: We can agree upon that at least.
TYRION: With the former Masters’ fleet, possibly. Barely. There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
TYRION: The Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
CERSEI: Confess. Confess.
CERSEI: Confess.
CERSEI: Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didn’t do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances.
CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
CERSEI: I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember?
CERSEI: What? Now? Today? You’re not going to die today. You’re not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor.
CERSEI: This is Ser Gregor Clegane. He’s quiet, too.
CERSEI: Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI: Shame.
JAIME: You’re welcome to her.
JAIME: Those two have their eyes on you.
JAIME: Not my type.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
JAIME: There you go.
JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?
JAIME: No, but back in your day.
JAIME: Yes, you’re a great conqueror.
JAIME: They don’t fear the Freys, though. They fear the Lannisters. We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands. If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you?
CERSEI: Show me.
CERSEI: Show me.
CERSEI: He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. 
TYRION: How did he take it?
TYRION: I know it was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. That’s the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it’s any consolation.
TYRION: No, I suppose not. I’m terrible at consoling.
TYRION: All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything. It’s all yours for the taking. Are you afraid?
TYRION: Good. You’re in the great game now. And the great game’s terrifying. The only people who aren’t afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
TYRION: He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the last.
TYRION: For what it’s worth, I’ve been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyone’s always asking me to believe in things-- family, gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people. So I said no, thank you to belief. And yet here I am.
TYRION: I believe in you. It’s embarrassing, really. I’d swear you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
TYRION: It’s yours. Now and always.
JAIME: Come on.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass. Dragonglass kills white walkers. It's more valuable to us now than gold. We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it. Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
JON: Not just the boys.
JON: We can't defend the North if only half the population is fighting.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses. The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasn't been properly manned in centuries. I'm not the king of the Free Folk.
JON: But if we're going to survive this winter together...
JON: Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome. The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JON: If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
JON: The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries. They've kept faith for generation after generation.
JON: I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
JON: The punishment for treason is death. Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle. Harald Karstark died on the field of battle.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me. I executed men who refused to follow orders. My father always said, "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword," and I have tried to live by those words. But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries. That is my decision, and my decision is final.
JON: Ned Umber.
JON: Alys Karstark.
JON: For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield. I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our air whenever called upon.
JON: Stand.
JON: Yesterday's wars don't matter anymore. The North needs to band together, all the living north. Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always?
JON: You are my sister, but I am king now.
JON: When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
JON: Of course you can, but--
JON: Do you think I'm Joffrey?
JON: Thank you.
JON: At what?
JON: No.
JON: What did father used to say? Everything before the word "but" is horse shit.
JON: No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
JON: And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
JON: "Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms--"
JON: Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King because I've seen him. And believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here. The Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far north.
JON: You almost sound as if you admire her.
JAIME: What is this?
CERSEI: Its what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
JAIME: He knew it. Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
CERSEI: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
CERSEI: You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me?
JAIME: No, not angry.
CERSEI: Are you afraid of me?
JAIME: Should I be?
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there somewhere at the head of an armada. Where will they land?
JAIME: Dragonstone.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the ships. Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
CERSEI: Enemies to the east.
CERSEI: Enemies to the south--Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old cunt. Another traitor.
CERSEI: Enemies to the north. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere. We're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed?
JAIME: Winter is here. We can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses. The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
JAIME: If they think Daenerys will win. No one wants to fight on the losing side. Right now, we look like the losing side.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best. I'm not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
CERSEI: I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years.
JAIME: A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead. We're the last of us.
CERSEI: A dynasty for us, then.
JAIME: We never talked about Tommen.
CERSEI: There's nothing to say.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed himself.
CERSEI: He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. Should we spend our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JAIME: Cersei--
JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without allies. Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family.
CERSEI: I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that?
JAIME: We couldn't. He was a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us. Now they're all dead. Whoever killed them is no friend of ours. We need allies. Stronger, better allies. We can't win this war alone.
CERSEI: You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing?
JAIME: The Greyjoys? You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing?
CERSEI: Not all of them.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all of them.
CERSEI: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies. There you are.
JAIME: How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them.
CERSEI: So does everyone when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships. And they're good at killing.
JAIME: They're not good at anything. I know the Ironborn. They're bitter, angry little people. All they know how to do is steal things they can't build or grow themselves.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
CERSEI: A queen.
JAIME: You're not a rightful monarch, though, are you?
JAIME: The Greyjoys rebelled agains the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated. Come to mention it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there. Very smart move on your part. Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway. I was there.
JAIME: The people I was cutting down were your own kin.
JAIME: And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys.
CERSEI: If not the most humble.
CERSEI: What do you want in return?
CERSEI: I decline your proposal.
CERSEI: You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother.
ARYA: That's a pretty song. I've never heard it before.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your food.
ARYA: King's Landing.
ARYA: Not so bad, is it?
ARYA: What are you doing in the Riverlands?
ARYA: Oh, no, I couldn't. You don't have enough.
ARYA: You're a long way from home. I'm sure you've had some adventures, though.
ARYA: Boy or girl?
ARYA: Why?
ARYA: It's really good.
ARYA: I'm going to kill the queen.
TYRION: On a night like this, you came into the world.
TYRION: We won't stay on Dragonstone for long.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be easy for you. But you're not here to be queen of the ashes.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse. If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won. With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south.
TYRION: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who--
TYRION: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.
TYRION:  Doesn't really roll off the tongue, does it?
TYRION:  Jon Snow?  Ned Stark's bastard?
TYRION:  I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch.
TYRION:  I can't speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character.
TYRION:  If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally.  The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother.  Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do.
JON:  Read the last bit.
JON:  It's something he said to me the first night we met.  You know him better than any of us.  What do you think?
JON:  What?
JON:  But?
CERSEI:  You all remember the Mad King.  You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people.  His daughter is no different.  In Essos her brutality is already legendary.  She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.  And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
CERSEI:  It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.  We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her.
JAIME:  Lord Tarley.
JAIME:  Rickon, isn't it?
JAIME:  That's it.
JAIME:  Thank you for coming.  The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever.  They might not have come if you hadn't.
JAIME:  Do you ride for Hornhill today?
JAIME:  And what side will you be fighting for?  You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.  Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could --
JAIME:  I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.  I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her enemies.  All of her enemies.
JAIME:  You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarley.
JAIME:  She was a great woman, once.  Now she's broken.  She wants revenge so badly she brought the Dothraki to our shores.  The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time in history.  I know you don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice.  Do you fight with us or with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
JAIME:  When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south.  I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarley.
CERSEI:  No, I can't say I have.  I haven't seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room.
CERSEI:  They were his trophies.  He couldn't keep them around.  They would have made him look small.  Sometimes he would come down here and look at them.  I believe he brought his whores on occasion.
TYRION:  If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
TYRION:    I know how you wage war.  We don't poison little girls here.  Myrcella was innocent.
TYRION:  But we won't use Dothraki and Unsullied.
TYRION:  Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country.  If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point.  Our army should be Westerosi.
TYRION:  You are.
TYRION:  Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
TYRION:  The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army.  Two great kingdoms united against Cersei.
TYRION:  The unsullied will have another objective.  For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros.  And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock.  Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it.
ARYA:  Hello, Hot Pie.  Sit down.  Who's that for?
ARYA:  Mmm.  This is good.
ARYA:  I didn't do that.
ARYA:  One or two.
ARYA:  Big lady?
ARYA:  She found me.
ARYA:  You got any ale?
ARYA:  King's Landing.
ARYA:  I heard Cersei's queen now.
ARYA:  Hmm.
ARYA:  Cersei would do that.
ARYA:  Why would I go there?  The Boltons have it.
ARYA:  What?
ARYA:  You're lying.
ARYA:  Thanks for the pie.
ARYA:  Thanks.
ARYA:  Take care of yourself, Hot Pie.  Try not to get killed.
JON:  Come in.
JON:  This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley.  He was my brother at the Night's Watch.  A man I trust as much as anyone in this world.  He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
JON:  I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone.  It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister.
JON:  He's now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.  She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.  She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons.
JON:  Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and I'm going to accept.
JON:  We need this Dragonglass, My Lords.  We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.  We need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
JON:  But more importantly, we need allies.  The Night King's army grows larger by the day.  We can't defeat them on our own.  We don't have the numbers.  Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire.  I need to try and persuade her to fight with us.  Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JON:  I know that.
JON:  It could be, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.  You know him.  He's a good man.
JON:  You all crowned me your king.  I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home.  It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.  But the odds are against us.  None of you have seen the Army of the Dead.  None of you.  We can never hope to defeat them alone.  We need allies, powerful allies.  I know it's a risk.  But I have to take it.
JON:  Daenerys is a queen.  Only a king can convince her to help us.  It has to be me.
JON:  I'm leaving both in good hands.
JON:  Yours.  You are my sister.  You are the only Stark in Winterfell.  Until I return, the north is yours.
JON:  You don't belong down here.
JON:  I have nothing to say to you.
JON:  Touch my sister and I'll kill you myself.
ARYA:  Nymeria?
ARYA:  Nymeria, it's me, Arya.  I'm heading north, girl, back to Winterfell.  I'm finally going home.  Come with me.
ARYA:  Come with me.
ARYA:  
JON:  Ever been north before?
JON:  You've never been down south.
JON:  That's the north.
JON:  There's not another woman within 100 miles of here.
JON:  Davos says he is a strong fighter.
JON:  She'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee.
JON:  The first time I went north of the wall was with your father.
JON:  I was a prisoner of the Wildlings.  But we avenged him.  I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JON:  I hate that he died that way.  My father was the most honorable man I ever met.  He was good all the way through.  And he died on the executioner's block.
JON:  I heard.
JON:  I'm glad he didn't capture you.
JON:  Your father gave me this sword.  He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
JON:  Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
JON:  But you are back and it's been in your family for centuries.  It's not right for me to have it.
JON:  I'm not his son.
ARYA:  Father used to watch us from up here.  He wouldn't say much.  You probably don't remember.  You were inside knitting all the time.
ARYA:  One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick.  I came out here after and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the ground.  Ser Rodrick would have cuffed him if he saw.  There was one arrow in the target.  There was no one around, just like now.  No one to stop me.  So I started shooting.  And every shot I had to go out there and get my one arrow and walk back and shoot it again.  I wasn't very good.  Finally I hit the bullseye.  It could have been the 20th shot or the 50th.  I don't remember.  But I hit the bullseye and I heard this.
ARYA:  I looked up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.  I knew what I was doing was against the rules.  But he was smiling so I knew it wasn't wrong.  The rules were wrong.  I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.  Now he's dead.  Killed by the Lannisters with your help.
ARYA:  That's your pretty handwriting.  Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because I couldn't write as well as you.  "Robb, I write to you today with heavy heart.  Our good King Robert is dead.  Killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt --
ARYA:  "Father has been charged with treason.  He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.  The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.  I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark.  Your faithful sister, Sansa."
ARYA:  Did they.  With a knife at your throat?  Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
ARYA:  So was I.  I would have let them kill me before I betrayed my family.
ARYA:  And you were stupid enough to believe them.  I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and Cersei when they dragged father too the block.  I remember the pretty dress you were wearing.  I remember the fancy way you did your hair.
ARYA:  I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
ARYA:  I wanted to.
ARYA:  I didn't betray him.  I didn't betray Robb.  I didn't betray our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
ARYA:  I was training.
ARYA:  Oh, I don't know about that.  I can imagine quite a lot.
ARYA:  I guess we'll never know.
ARYA:  I don't know yet.
ARYA:  You're scared, aren't you?  What are you scared of?  You didn't commit any crimes.  No one's going to hang you.
ARYA:  Are you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be angry?  No.  That's not Jon.  He'll understand.  You were just a scared little girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
ARYA:  The northern lords will read it.  They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.  What would little Lyanna Mormont say?  She's younger than you were when you wrote this.  Are you going to say, "But I was just a child"?
ARYA:  Sometimes fear makes them do unfortunate things.  I'll go with anger.
JON:  Who's that?
JON:  You knew him?
JON:  I serve the north.
JON:  The lord of light never spoke to me.  I don't know anything about him.  I don't know what he wants from me.
JON:  Why?
JON:  That's all anyone can tell me, I don't know.  So what's the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
JON:  So what are you fighting for?
JON:  But we all die.
JON:  "I am the shield that guards the realms of men."
JON:  Aye.  Maybe that's enough.
TYRION:  I honestly don't.
TYRION:  Oh.  I've been heroic on occasion.
TYRION:  I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
TYRION:  It's interesting these heroes you name.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you.
TYRION:  Oh, my mistake.  I suppose he stares at you longingly because he's hopeful for a successful military alliance.
JAIME:  Halt that wagon!
JAIME:  I'll save my confessions for the High Septon.
JAIME:  No, there isn't, is there?
JAIME:  That's a lot of money I just gave you.
JAIME:  You don't want Highgarden.
JAIME:  We're at war.  Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after you move in.  Besides, think of the upkeep.  The more you own, the more it weighs you down.
JAIME:  They're not mine.  The gold belongs to the Iron Bank.  We pay our debts.
JAIME:  Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.  When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you.
JAIME:  Stranger things have happened.
JAIME:  The current harvest?
JAIME:  Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
JAIME:  No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for that.
CERSEI:  You're too kind, My Lord.
CERSEI:  Is on its way.  My brother is supervising its transportation himself.
CERSEI:  We must devise a way to raise their spirits.
CERSEI:  My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it.
CERSEI:  It will indeed.  I need to expand my armies, my navies.  My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos.
CERSEI:  That's good to hear.  I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me.
ARYA:  In there.  I live here.
ARYA:  I'm Arya Stark.  This is my home.
ARYA:  Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.  They'll tell you who I am.
ARYA:  Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North.  He's my brother
ARYA:  If Jon Snow is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
ARYA:  Which Lady Stark?
ARYA:  Tell Sansa her sister is home.
ARYA:  I'm getting into this castle one way or another.  If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.  But if I am, and Sansa finds out that you turned me away...
ARYA:  Do I have to call you Lady Stark now?
ARYA:  I didn't run.  You need better guards.
ARYA:  It suits you, Lady Stark.  Jon left you in charge?
ARYA:  That doesn't look like him.  It should have been carved by someone who knew his face.
ARYA:  We're not.
ARYA:  They say you killed Joffrey.  Did you?
ARYA:  Me too.  I was angry when I heard someone else had done it.  However long my list got he was always first.
ARYA:  Of people I'm going to kill.
ARYA:  It's a long story.  I imagine yours is too.
ARYA:  Mine neither, but our stories aren't over yet.
ARYA:  You saw me?
ARYA:  So did I.
ARYA:  Most of them are dead already.
ARYA:  Where did you get this?
ARYA:  Littlefinger, he's here?
ARYA:  Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?
ARYA:  Are you sure?  It's Valyrian steel.
JON:  Your Grace.
JON:  I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits.
JON:  So this is it, all we'll ever need.
JON:  There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
JON:  The Children of the Forest made these.
JON:  A very long time ago.
JON:  No.
JON:  They were here together the Children and the First Men.
JON:  Because the enemy is real.  It's always been real.
JON:  No, I don't think I can.
JON:  My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered.
TYRION:  We took Casterly Rock.
TYRION:  We still have the largest army.
TYRION:  Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back.  We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland.  Commit to the blockade of King's Landing.  We have a plan.  It's still the right plan.
TYRION:  If I've underestimated our enemies --
TYRION:  We've discussed this.
TYRION:  A smart one.
JON:  I would never presume to --
JON:  I never thought that dragons would exist again.  No one did.  The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen.  Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen.  Build a world that's different from the shit one they've always known.
JON:  But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.  You're just more of the same.
ARYA:  Don't fight someone like her in the first place.
ARYA:  He didn't beat the hound.  You did.  I want to train with you.
ARYA:  You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
ARYA:  I won't cut you.  Don't worry.
ARYA:  No one.
JON:  Who?
JON:  I think she has a good heart.
JON:  There's no time for that.  I saw the Night King, Davos.  I looked into his eyes.  How many men do we have in the north to fight him?  10,000?  Less?
JON:  What?
JON:  It doesn't matter.
JON:  Of course.
JON:  I'm a bastard.  My mother and father weren't married.
JON:  Why did you leave your homeland?
JON:  I'm sorry.
JON:  And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow --
JON:  You believe that?
JON:  Is that a Greyjoy ship?
JON:  What you did for her is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON:  The queen is gone.
JAIME:  Good.
JAIME:  We are stretched a bit thin.
JAIME:  Let's give them fair warning first.  These men fought well at Highgarden.
JAIME:  Rickon.
JAIME:  I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden.  Your first battle?
JAIME:  And?
JAIME:  They didn't deserve to die.  But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Targaryen girl.  So here we are.
JAIME:  What?
JAIME:  Spears and shields!  Spears and shields!
JAIME:  Spears and shields!
JAIME:  I'm not abandoning my army.
JAIME:  We can hold them off.
JAIME:  Hold the line!
JAIME:  Archers!  Archers with me!
JAIME:  Knock!
JAIME:  Loose!
JAIME:  Qyburn's scorpion is over there.
JAIME:  I can't shoot with one hand.
JAIME:  Come on!
JAIME:  Take cover!
TYRION:  Flee, you idiot!
JAIME:  Come on, boy.  Come on!
TYRION:  You fucking idiot.

